OSDOCS-9969: netobserv cli (#75055)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/network-observability-netobserv-cli-uninstalling.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:

// * observability/network_observability/netobserv_cli/netobserv-cli-install.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="network-observability-cli-uninstall_{context}"]
= Uninstalling the Network Observability CLI

> You can uninstall the CLI by running `oc netobserv cleanup`. This command removes all the CLI components.

Reviewer: Running cleanup clears what's deployed on the cluster; not the command line interface installed on your local machine.

```suggestion
You can manually cleanup the CLI workload by running `oc netobserv cleanup`. This command removes all the CLI components from your cluster.

This command is automatically executed by the client when ending a capture but may be required in case of connectivity issues. 
```

Author: FYI - I have updated this uninstalling to be a "Cleaning" topic instead and relocated to "Using the CLI" section: https://75055--ocpdocs-pr.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/observability/network_observability/netobserv_cli/netobserv-cli-using#network-observability-cli-uninstall_netobserv-cli-using
